baby
what's going on guys my name is Garrett
here on the jobless gamers Channel today
guys I want to do a vlog really quickly
to let you guys know that today thursday
i'm actually leaving to boston for pax
east that's penny arcade expo i'll be
going with someone youtubers you guys
may know that are my close friend mr.
Bosch's win that same span and spears
that amazing HD will all be staying
together one bed one room just kidding
that's gay we're gonna have we rented
out a house for pax and we're already
hanging out together and I'm thinking
about doing vlogs while I'm there well
technically if you're watching this I
might be there already so yeah so let me
know in the comments if you guys want to
see vlogs I'll definitely be doing
interviews with personnel that are there
like different companies like I know we
have an interview with 2k games we have
interview with Ubisoft for watchdogs we
have some interviews or things planned
for bungee so we can learn more about
their game as well as we have think EA
and a few others so just so you guys
know if you are going to pax or live in
boston and want to meet up the best way
to get in contact with us is right here
boom right there the social media is
mainly Twitter and if you're gonna be at
pax while we have a special signing time
if you guys want to come by hang out
with us on friday which is the 11th will
be at the machinima booth from 2 30 to
three and on saturday from 2 30 or three
signing hanging out with you guys taking
pictures whatever you guys want to do
we'll do it there and we look forward to
meeting you guys I really excited for
packed because I not only do I get to
meet all my friends have been recording
with for the last six months but I also
get to meet some of you guys would be
very exciting very cool I'm also be
doing some vlogs here and there um as
well as cosplay show case of like girls
like cosplay i'll have like a whole
montage made by the end
next week showing off all the girls that
cause played and weird outfits and stuff
so look forward to that and thank you
guys so much for the support and I'll
see you guys later tomorrow with a new
video cuz i'm gonna be uploading while
i'm gone as well as a video earlier
today that you guys may have seen or
earthed later tomorrow today I don't
know what time i'm uploading it so
either there's gonna be a video that
came out comes up to later on today or
already came out earlier today so be on
the lookout for that and i'll see you
guys tomorrow or later or earlier today
with a new video later guys